I think the best way to deal with males like the ones that you interact
with every single day in the ones that you're always that you know
like at work or at school like whatever it is especially in engineering
and in the military.  Like you know like yeah I'm the minority
like I'm one of the only females but like why should that make a difference,
they're all gonna be my friends like male or female like if
you're a great person and if you want to do fun things if you're creative
and if you're smart and if you’re like driven like just like
that's the person that I want to be surrounded with and I'm gonna be
friends with that person no matter their gender and if there's anything
that ever said, you know that's maybe that might be a little bit
discriminatory towards me being the only female, I say something and
I can say something because I'm friends with all of them and I know
it's like as a friend that they will accept me.